What's 4 Dinner

A web application that allows users to search for recipes by ingredient.

Completed by Rick Mitchell, Zachary Uzupis, and Bill Zerega as part of the Web Development Intensive course at the New York Code and Design Academy's Philadelphia Campus.

Instructions...

This group project is one of your many chances to apply what you've learned about web development in this class to a project you can show your peers, instructors, and potential employers.

The project must be a Rails web application and your project idea must be approved by your instructor before you begin working on it. You are welcome to use different technologies in your project, however, don't let the use of different technology stacks hinder your progress. Use what you know to iterate quickly.

You are required to form teams for this project of no more than 3 students from the intensive course. Your team members can work across the stack or specialize in the design, front end, or back end portions of your project. You are also welcome to tap students from our evening courses, just ask our Community Manager to connect you. These students do work during the day but may be able to lend a different perspective to your project idea, so perhaps you may find their opinions and work useful. As you will hopefully be working in teams, you should be using Git + Github to build your project, track issues, suggest feature enhancements and ideas, and iterate over your in-progress software. Please add the instructor to your repo so they may track your progress.

An MVP (Minimum Viable Product) of your project will be due on Friday afternoon, where we'll spend the last 2 hours of the day presenting student project progress thus far! You'll also be graded by your instructor on the project using the following rubric topics, each graded out of 4:

User Experience Ruby Code Quality JavaScript Code Quality HTML/CSS Code Quality Originality

For a total of 20 possible points. The team with the highest score will be presented with the domain name of their choice from DNSimple for easy hookup to Heroku, paid for by New York Code + Design Academy.

We will be working on your projects and workshopping them in class but you are expected to put in a large amount of work outside of class. There will be team meetings the Friday before we begin working on this project with your instructor to flesh your your initial implementation ideas.

Best of luck with your projects and as always, questions are encouraged!